These terms and conditions create a contract between you and Apple (the “Agreement”). Please read the Agreement carefully
<BR>

1) INTRODUCTION TO OUR SERVICES :-
    This Agreement governs your use of Apple’s services, through which you can buy, get, license, rent or subscribe to content,
Apps, and other in-app services. Content may be offered through the Services by Apple 
or a third party. Our Services are available for your use in your area. By creating 
an account for use of the Services in a particular area you are specifying it as your Home Country. To use our Services,
you need compatible hardware, software (latest version recommended and sometimes required) and Internet access. 
Our Services’ performance may be affected by these factors.

<BR>

2)Privacy Policy
Apple is committed to your privacy. Read our customer Privacy Policy for a clear explanation of how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information.
Here at Apple we take your privacy very seriously, Apple’s Privacy Policy describes how Apple collects, uses, and shares your personal data.
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world. That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives. This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies such as web beacons. These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
